It’s still chaos in many parts of the city,
with armed soldiers detaining and arresting
those not pledging support
of the new government.
Are we still going to the meeting tonight?
I wanted to do what was best
for my wife and daughter.
But a few of the elders
have already been arrested.
What if I was arrested?
What would happen to my family?
You’re not going home to pray, are you?
I pray at my window three times a day,
every day.
If I even appear to compromise,
what would they think?
I know Jehovah.
And if I trust him,
he’ll reward me.
I don’t know how,
but he will.
Pray that I keep my faith
—that we all keep our faith—
no matter how this ends.
The Scriptures are clear.
We must continue to meet together,
even in small groups if necessary.
Let’s just pray that whatever happens,
we have the strength to endure it.
Dear Jehovah God, please . . .
Eventually, I was arrested.
We miss you so much,
but we’re very proud of you.
We know whatever the outcome of your trial,
you’ll maintain your faith,
and so will we.
Were you scared?
I was very scared,
but Jehovah helps us when we’re scared.
I knew I would be OK
and that Jehovah
would take care of my family.
It all went by so quickly
—pioneering,
foreign language,
circuit work.
There was even a time
that I was the one encouraging older ones.
I miss those days so much.
But now I’m the one in a nursing home.
Sometimes I feel like I have
nothing left to offer.
O Daniel,
you very precious man.
I have been sent to you.
Do not be afraid, Daniel.
Your words have been heard
from the first day you gave your heart
to understanding.
I have no strength.
There’s no breath left in me.
Do not be afraid, O very precious man.
May you have peace.
Be strong.
Be strong!
Happy is the one who keeps in expectation.
Go on to the end.
You will rest, but you will stand up
for your lot at the end of the days.
Hey, just checking on you.
Do you have a minute?
There’s something I’ve been wanting
to share with you.
OK, sure.
Yes, Jehovah does remember me,
and I still have much to offer.